good morning say good morning bumblebees
it's not really morning anymore it's
afternoon now it's actually lunchtime
why where what happened it's wet it's
lunchtime and look what we're having for
lunch you made this one yeah
steamed what is it tilapia live tilapia
yeah
steamed live tilapia and what are these
vegetables on top that you would eat a
little cilantro ginger that's cilantro
yeah but doesn't look like Oh what are
these ones this is all cilantro ginger
green onions and then the sauce is what
this seafood soy sauce and then Chinese
broccoli with oyster sauce looks
delicious
vanessa has been watching my little pony
all day all day every day since
yesterday right Vanessa are you gonna
watch this like all spring break OMG oh
and can you explain to me can you
explain to me that the alicorns again so
an alicorn is a unicorn I'm gonna
pegasus that's why they have wings right
so the other ones are just ponies
because they don't have wings and they
don't have a unicorn
and if you have a horn you're just a
unicorn wait so do all of the unicorns
are they're just regular unicorns and
summer alicorns
so how do you become an alicorn like how
do you get wings wait just so did
princess what's that one that just got
that just became a princess we're still
watching this by the way that one that
Twilight Sparkle did she always have
wings then how did she get her wings so
Princess Celestia has to give it to you
oh okay got it now used her magic okay
it's wrong when I said go board while
I'm working I see you I thought you were
drawing you don't want to draw anymore
why because what why don't you change
your clothes well I guess it's kind of
too late now it's already two o'clock
why don't you take a shower now so you
don't got to take one tonight then you
won't be bored you'll be in the shower
why don't you clean the bathtub you
don't have bath toys anymore no I'll
have a bathtub Chuck bathtub markers we
used to have those you still have it
well I think you should take a shower so
you know how to take one tonight
and then you won't be bored you can like
make stuff with your shampoos bubbles
you can make stuff with the bubbles from
the shampoo and pile it on top of your
head and make your hair stand up Venessa
design an obstacle course keep going I
want to show them your obstacle course
so she pulls over the couch jumps oh
goes around the pillow on that pillow
onto that pillow back to the other
pillow around the dining table over a
pillow to the bathroom do some jumping
jacks and then to the stairs front door
and then we're and then that's it that's
a whole cycle okay cool
how many times have you done that
already it's a good workout when I said
I should do that
dinner time I'm gonna eat this my mom
bought this for me it's really really
good I don't know what you call it but
it's like inside its shrimp and peas and
carrots and then and it's wrapped in
like um like a dumpling wrapper type of
thing I don't know what you call it it's
just some kind of dumpling I guess I
don't know you want to eat that Vanessa
with some hot spicy sauce I mean hot
sauce this one is a shrimp inside and
peas and carrot it's very good you wanna
try it with that hot sauce or no hot
sauce
it's like soy sauce with with some spicy
stuff on it
yeah yeah you could try it I'm gonna eat
this leftover Chinese broccoli with
oyster sauce so good it's like one of my
favorites Vanessa just took a shower and
I stayed in there to keep her company
but she's afraid fun fact about Vanessa
she's afraid to take a shower by herself
why yeah she is
oh my gosh that's so scary
she was looking like that at the outside
of the shower though right she wasn't in
the shower with you so hey that's pretty
dangerous cuz you could have got really
startled startled and slipped and fell
that is so funny look who just got home
oh it's kind of dark
Vanessa's already like far up falling
asleep and we're gonna go to sleep now
too so thanks for watching everyone
we'll talk to you guys tomorrow bye